cmdit: ssh -p 2220 bandit12@bandit.labs.overthewire.org
password: 7x16WNeHIi5YkIhWsfFIqoognUTyj9Q4

Tip: Use "ls" cmd as much as possible to keep track of your files
     Use "rm <filename> to remove files which you don't want
     Google serach for gzip, bzip2, xz and tar

cmdit: ls
cmdit: cat data.txt
Here we get to look at the hex encoded text. Since we know that the file is compressed, we need to extract it now.
The best way is converting this to binary, since tools like gunzip, bunzip2, tar, file and many tools only understand binary and not ascii.

We need to create a irectory where we can work, since the current directory in home is inaccessible.
cmdit: mkdir /tmp/spam
cmdit: cd /tmp/spam

cmdit: cp ~/data.txt .
The above cmd copies the file from the previous directory to the current one.

cmdit: ls
cmdit: xxd -r data.txt > data
"xxd" usually converts binary to hex, since we want other way around, we are using "-r" to reverse the process and convert hex to original binary file.

cmdit: file data
"file" is used to check the type of content present in the file.
Here we have a gunzip file.

cmdit: gunzip -c data > data1
This cmd basically decompresses data from "data" and saves it into "data1"

cmdit: file data1
This is a bunzip2 file.

cmdit: bunzip2 data1
This decompresses and gives a fiel called "data1.out

cmdit: file data1.out
We get a gunzip file.

cmdit: gunzip -c data1.out > data2
cmdit: file data2
It is a tar file.

cmdit: tar -xf data2
Here extraction occurs instaed of decompression.
'-x' means extraction and '-f data2' means from this file. So, extract content from this file!

cmdit: ls
We see that a new file has appeared now called data5.bin

cmdit: file data5.bin
This is again a tar file

cmdit: tar -xf data5.bin
cmdit: ls
We see data6.bin file has appeared.

cmdit: file data6.bin
This is a bunzip2 file

cmdit: bunzip2 data6.bin
We get data6.bin.out file

cmdit: file data6.bin.out
This is a tar file.

cmdit: tar -xf data6.bin.out
cmdit: ls
A file called data8.bin has appeared

cmdit: file data8.bin
This is a gunzip file

cmdit: gunzip data8.bin > data3
cmdit: file data3
This is a ASCII file

cmdit: cat data3
We get password for bandit13

password: FO5dwFsc0cbaIiH0h8J2eUks2vdTDwAn